562 rent.com oh no I know
welcome to one one nine four eight
Pantheon Street Norwalk California nine
zero six five zero so listen for a
two-bed one-bath house take a look at
the house same as you would if you came
by to take a look really looking at the
front yard houses Manila repainted comes
with a one car garage driveway has
parking for two cars
looking at the garage currently being
used for storage comes with an AC unit
they can put in the house walk it into
the house it is approximately 900 square
feet the living room is approximately 17
by 12s tile floors
kitchen comes with a refrigerator gas
cooker
lots of cabinet space dishwasher double
sink with garbage disposal
looking back into your living room
and this door leads back into the garage
walk into
bedrooms
linen closet in your hallway
walking into bedroom number one which is
carpet flooring bedroom number one is
approximately 11 by 10
a space
'we will in closet here right
also a guest closet in your hallway
space where your boiler open it your
bathroom which comes with a full-size
tub walking into bedroom number two
which approximately twelve by ten comes
with wood flooring
built-in shelving bookcase
looking into your closet and bedroom
number two
house is currently wired for Verizon
fires
addition was built onto the house
recently it's a 14 by 14 space it is not
insulated so it's not considered a third
bedroom
once again the third space it's not
insulated so it's not considered a
bedroom it does have electricity does
have outlets its previously used as a
pool room you can use it for
entertainment look at one of the outlets
in the room light switch looking at
another outlet and the room
you
this leads the yard
huge fenced-in yard
comes with a hot tub to working hot tub
Oh care to walk around
house
look at the side of the house
washer and dryer hookups
hot tub the back of the house
please note we do not show properties
without you having your paperwork with
you go on our website 562 rent.com
see the download section download the
rental application fill it out bring it
with your copy of ID and pay stubs to
the viewing once again we do not show
properties without you having your
paperwork with you